Bookshop x Merch idea
Team members: Mariem Snoussi | Nukhbah Majid | Imane Berrada
Date: 29/10/2020

Project Description:
We are aiming to design a book lending service; features would include: 
Book membership options
Lending services and book exchange with current users
Book sorting by tag, author, or genre
Book collection will include: Book title / Author / Short summary / Rating (generated by users) / Top 5 or most recent book reviews
Personalized user page with rental deadlines, book collection, saved book reviews from other users or their own, comments on the forum page
(If time allows) auto-generated selection of books that might be of interest to the user based on their previous selections / ratings 


We will be implementing a Merch section for our users, where they could virtually “try on” hats, bags or other types of merch that will be tailored to their measurements (i.e: their height or shirt size). We will be rescaling a 3D human graphic and adding on the selected merch to visualize how the item will fit.
Merch section with an extra feature: Merch is tailored to user’s measurements.


From the Technical Point of View: 
Create a landing interface with the popular books from the store categorized by genres, and an About us section. Technologies to be used: HTML/CSS/JS
Creating a user login and registration form as well as User Profile and History/Book Log for the users on the site. Technologies to be used: HTML/CSS/JS for the login and registration forms frontend. AJAX/PHP and JSON files for user management and maintaining user activity logs. 
Creating a merch store option of purchasing books and keeping a log of the inventory. Technologies to be Used: AJAX/PHP and Use of databases (?) for maintaining the “store” part of the website. Merch design and 3D human graphics: Blender and JavaScript.
Creating a page reserved for lending and borrowing books from other users. Technologies to be Used: AJAX/PHP and JSON files for keeping a log of user-owned/lent books. 
Poll and Rating logs for the books provided by the store. Technologies to be Used: HTML/CSS/JS for the front-end of the poll tabs and AJAX/PHP + JSON files for the backend. 
Book reviews provided by the users, similar to that of Goodreads. Technologies to be used: HTML/CSS/JS for the front-end design of the book reviews and AJAX/PHP and JSON files for maintaining the reviews. 

Role assignment:
We will start out collaborating synchronously to sketch out the web app’s general prototype. We will then divide the project by feature, and switch back and forth between front-end and back-end assignments for each feature. Our goal is to have 2 team members (at least) working on each feature in order to facilitate the switch.

To-do for TUESDAY: 
Design the web app’s prototype, with placeholders for features to be implemented later on. 
Tentative project timeline

Communication/collaboration: 
Slack 
Zoom meetings
Github is preferred as Bitbucket isn’t functioning for either of us. 

